Gds Sessions updates (#570)
neo4j/graph-data-science-client: changelog.md

## New features

* Add the new concept of GDS Sessions, used to manage GDS computations in Aura, based on data from an AuraDB instance.

>   * Add `gds.graph.project.remote` endpoint for projecting graphs from AuraDB instances

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Add a new `gds.graph.project` endpoint to project graphs from AuraDB instances to GDS sessions.
```

Actually from the client perspective, its not called project.remote anymore but only just `gds.graph.project`.

Author: you're right of course!
